README.md, before:

# [Pytorch] A disentangled generative model for disease decomposition in chest X-rays via normal image synthesis

This repository implements Disentangled Generative Model(DGM) with MIMIC-CXR dataset.

**See also**: [Paper](https://doi.org/10.1016/j.media.2020.101839), [tensorflow implementation](https://github.com/YeongHyeon/DGM-TF)

## Data preprocessing

We only use PA sided and clearly labeled data.

Run the shell script bellow

```bash
python data_preprocess_all.py \
    --base_path <your/mimic-cxr-jpg/directory/ends/with/mimic-cxr-jpg/2.1.0/files> \
    --pa_base_path <your/pa_filetered_image/directory/ends/with/physionet.org/pa_filter/pa_filtered_images> \
    --csv_file </standard/test-train/split/in/mimic-cxr/mimic-cxr-2.0.0-split.csv> \
    --label_csv_file </your/mimic-cxr/chexpert/label/path/mimic-cxr-2.0.0-chexpert.csv> \
    --output_path </your/data/output/dir>
```

Then, 13 files would be created in your output directory. We will use `labeled_train.txt`, `labeled_validation.txt`, `labeled_test.txt` in our training code.

## Training

Run the shell script bellow

```bash
python train.py \
    --batch_size 64 \
    --d_steps 1 \
    --gpu <0 indexed gpu number> \
    --train_file_list </your/labeled_train.txt/file> \
    --val_file_list </your/labeled_validation.txt/file>
```

You could modify run script depend on your environment.

## Result

Working..

Commit message:

Add shell scripts for pipeline

README.md, after:

# [Pytorch] A disentangled generative model for disease decomposition in chest X-rays via normal image synthesis

This repository implements Disentangled Generative Model (DGM) with the MIMIC-CXR dataset.

**See also**: [Paper](https://doi.org/10.1016/j.media.2020.101839), [tensorflow implementation](https://github.com/YeongHyeon/DGM-TF)

## Data preprocessing

We only use PA sided and clearly labeled data.
Run the preprocessing script using `preprocess.sh`:

```bash
bash preprocess.sh <base_path> <metadata_csv> <split_csv> <label_csv> <output_dir> [mimic_csv] [chexbert_ckpt] [device]
```

This will generate multiple text files such as `labeled_train_sd.txt` which are used for training.

## Training

Training is invoked via `train.sh`:

```bash
bash train.sh <train_list> <val_list> [batch_size] [d_steps] [gpu]
```

Adjust the optional arguments as needed for your environment.

## Evaluation

To run inference on saved checkpoints use `eval.sh`:

```bash
bash eval.sh <checkpoint> <file_list> <label_csv> [output_dir] [num_samples] [gpu]
```

## Result

Work in progress.
